# Harry Potter Text Generation. 

## A project where me and two classmates (vyth@kth.se, alvarog@kth.se) built two models for generating texted based off of the Harry Potter books. 

## Text generated by the Vanilla RNN, primed with Harry Potter:
> Harry Potterted thon’. He wall to her fill more fok cug flot to drmight so Ogys in a Pot withetagas the lecfele Bage." "Deal mort, and tolce beff tonk they fon of turd to Harry. Itery outry.But as the feruble d. "Skind but ms my looking wond I youd was were keet!" "Wonmerenhatlirng in fou truch zat there the had geting had what be as not -" He’s Weappake, tolingheme, "I" white not malkane dmage Iround pering him on have goned acke for.  "Ound,seale - coung on," "Lide. . . . an had to the ry beplere his right whoul, looked . . Toul himall dilesluldes it her erelmwaing peen spight wortt you you think that all, ondeacly, zomewas oz the was envigesinged-short. Roued," dimore he’ve weckye’s remen Hagrid, he -" "Itthom tow itk. Thoume baime her whine Kary. Dee sting the tol toek. Youd," said Harry kiig,and Gigst but the was tang and me tcow Peos Nove head over. The timet to the past." Cemulgong, Drevinged a at echation oncharejufre," Snans now marne it wisomonk’s for’t mesaid wince at

## Text generated by a 2-layer LSTM, primed with Harry Potter: 
> Harry Potter open down at the idea. Master Perey needed to mine for every. Harry seakedsomething are, they let the time.  An an expressed Aptrangur, silence in page more andsitting to the preterchain algopen to have nothing.  "Please quietly, large you?" "Yeah,"said Levefpatam and platserous Solin frevelved, so! "he would since pride changed," saidDumbledore. "Yeah," Mrs. Weasley, and said Mrs. Weasley and starting there. "So it hadseen the mermme of begink some moments ...  he could have the let Cedric’s wing.  He’dreally, Hermione is getting up with our wings of cold be able to never wing to the shookpeople blucked off one of them. Thro a Mental Harry’s, and somewhressent emerging she?"roans breathing in abselfed; "Now." Harry summer, purpked it.  The smoom, he wouldhave meet off that theigell at it. They had to die hurry used and then he knew the dragonsshrucking. He more unlowed before he looked out tine on the broomst behind the end, largedisgulishing. "World Cena," said Harry

See the Notebooks for implementations!
